CLOUD-2770 update development status in readme (#84)
rebuy-de/node-drainer: README.md

For each item received it contacts Kubernetes, taints the node to be shut down and evicts any pods not tolerant to the taint.
Meant to be run in side Kubernetes with a single replica only.

> **Development Status** *node-drainer* is designed for internal use only.
> Expect breaking changes any time, but if you experience any issue, feel free
> to open an issue anyway.
>
> :fire: Consider using the [AWS Node Termination
> Handler](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler), which is the

> > official tool from AWS. It has better support and we will ourselves likely
> > with to it, if we experience a bigger roadblock with node-drainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> official tool from AWS. It has better support and we will probably migrate
> to it ourselves, if we experience a bigger roadblock with node-drainer.
```

> > with to it, if we experience a bigger roadblock with node-drainer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> migrate to it, if we experience a bigger roadblock with node-drainer.
```
